my name is Christine the Burmese name is
Yamato and right now we are at Rangoon
Burmese restaurant Burma is between
Thailand and India so our food is
influenced by the time Indian food
we use a lot of curries ginger garlic
onion scallion cilantro mint leaf basil
leaf we have a lot of good salads like a
ginger salad tea leaf salad streaming
and peanut salad and for the noodle soup
mohinga is a national dish all time
favorite you can have in the morning you
can have as a breakfast you can have as
a lunch or dinner we have three partners
so Jenny
she taking care of the bookkeeping the
payrolls the errands you pick everything
she's good with that and maybe she's a
good cook she taking care the kitchen
and she's a chef and for me I'm taking
care of the front or the dining as a
host I met my two friends in 1991 and
you too
I'm used to work at the beauty salon as
a shampoo girl and then they came to the
beauty salon and I met them and they
speak Burmese Burmese people if they see
each other in the United States they are
very happy
and one day 1992 January there's Chinese
near we are cooking the Burmese food at
the Jamie's house we decide we try to
open the Burmese restaurant after we
opened this restaurant I feel like I'm
in Burma right now cause I can see a lot
of Burmese people who can speak Burmese
everyday and I can have a Burmese food
everyday because everybody from Burma
they miss their country food sometimes
they cannot cook at home so they just
come to the rank of Burmese restaurant
I want my customers to feel like home
and I want to make them happy I want
them to try the good food a good choice
like a good salad appetizer because they
don't know about the bonus week so I
want to explain to them a lot of Burmese
refugee people they resided in South
Philadelphia if you need help they came
to the restaurant and we can help them
apply their Social Security make
appointments for the doctor's
appointment not only became for the food
if they need help they just come to
Rangoon for this restaurant after we
opened we went to the Chinese fortune
teller and after she said oh one day you
will be a queen and I told my friend
Jenny are we a queen right now so Jenna
said yeah we are going right now